hey YouTube it's bio and in this
tutorial I'm just going to be showing
you how to use the cuboid mod
successfully with the protection around
it so first of all let's just start with
the basics to get a protection around
this gold right here you don't hit the
gold actually you have to actually hit a
block below it so you basically have to
hit this block right there I'm not sure
why this is but it's just like that so
first let's just get started so place
that right there alright let's set our
first point right there you just right
click with the wooden shovel that's by
default and then let's make a block one
high just to get a good region around
here and let's right click so basically
what this is doing is its setting two
points and from the point on the point
beneath it to the point up there it's
making basically just a selection of
squares now you just type in protect the
name of the protection block you want to
call it wait sorry not that yet you do
owner duo and then a colon for the owner
and then name so by blue or you can do G
it switches group so you can do owner
admins what else I had co-owner all
kinds of stuff so let's just do owner or
single name and we'll just name it
linkers my friend so as I can show you
how you use it so let's call it such
protect Bo linkers NK so just named so
there's that and there's gold and gold
gonna be the name of the selection
around it so now that we have that you
can I can destroy the gold and
everything but because i'm an admin so
i'll just show you what you can do that
I can do it afterwards but before I'm
going to do that I'm just going to do
some things to it so seem /c mod and
then we're going to type in splash seem
odd and then you type in the name and
then welcome and the welcome message
this is just to show you like all the
commands and stuff so and I keep
forgetting that it's welcome I always
think it's hello so let's just name it
so let's just say you are on my goal now
there's farewell to such seem odd Oh
fair
bye so now when you stand on top of this
i should say yeah you want my gold you
go off says bye you want my goal so now
this is why so that's just very simple
okay
the recording off and I'm gonna change
myself so I'm not admin or Opie anymore
and i'm going to show you okay one
second right I'm back so as you can see
I cannot destroy this and I cannot place
anything destroy that either
so that's very nice to use nice little
nod so I definitely recommend this so as
you can see this works very well and
that's basically how you use it I know
there's a lot of trouble how to use it
everything by this easiest way it's the
best way to so thanks for watching and